I think you were right.
Danny was murdered, and not just Danny.
- All those people.
- So what do we do?
- We need Alex on our side.
- That is all confidential.
People are dying. I'm not
prepared to ignore that.
If we can get the staff rotas,
see who was on shift when
the deaths occurred...
These terminals are strictly staff only.
You haven't seen my ID card, have
you? I can't find it anywhere.
Sharp scratch.
You have been stealing
medication from the ward.
I am going to tell you
what we are going to do,
otherwise all of this is going
to get very complicated for you.
- Zoe...
- I can't talk to you.
This is three or four times
the recommended dose of
a powerful anti-psychotic.
I'm removing this now.
I have the full support of
the clinical lead on this.
If enemy combatants
were killed unlawfully,
then a crime has been committed,
which is why this
investigation continues
with a view to a possible court martial.
You're telling me you
only just noticed this?
I'll write up the antibiotics
and fluids for you now.
Zoe...
Shit!
I've got nothing. Get some help!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Right arm's just blown. No access.
- Shit!
That's two minutes.
OK, white needle.
- Back on the chest?
- Wait.
We should restart CPR.
Zoe...
Doctor!
OK, there's an output.
We're back in business.
Get me a BM, manual BP
and one litre of dextrose IV.
We're going to need more 10% glucose.
All the glucagon we have in the fridge.
Call ITU for more if we need it.
Synced & corrected by QueenMaddie
www.addic7ed.com
Are you OK?
How is he?
It was a massive overdose.
Took all the glucagon we had
just to get his sugars detectable.
Someone knew exactly
what they were doing.
Same pattern...
would have been the same result
if I hadn't been there to save him.
Say I buy it.
We have a murderer in our midst.
Then who?
Who's blocked this at every turn?
Refused to take my concerns seriously,
then tried to pressure
me into keeping quiet?
Archie Watson?
Killing his own patients?
- Why not? Because he's one of us?
- No, but... Jesus.
You do know absolutely
none of this makes sense?
Not to you, maybe.
I stink. I need a shower.
- How's he looking?
- Good.
Amazing really, considering.
He's a tough guy.
Mm-hm. So people keep telling me.
Chest?
I'll have a listen.
What are you doing?
Drip's tissued. Thought
I'd give it a flush.
It's just salty water.
There, all done.
Where's Zoe?
Taking a shower after saving your life.
You've had a tough time.
You take it easy, you hear?
We can talk later.
Yeah, I agree. Much better.
In fact, I think we can move him back
to the main ward now, don't you?
- At least he's alive.
- Oh, thank God for that.
What the hell is going on here?
Matt, Danny, and now this?
Do you know how hard I have
worked to build this place up?
I know, I've watched you.
Dr Watson, can I have a
word with you in private?
I-I've got work to do.
She hadn't even checked the level.
Almost as if she already
knew it was going to be low.
And it was Zoe who signed
out the last saline bag
before he arrested. I double checked.
You're not suggesting that Zoe had
anything to do with this, are you?
It just seems strange, that's all.
Thank you. I'll look into it.
Hi.
So what happened?
Someone tried to kill you.
You say it like it's a bad thing.
Shouldn't you be at home?
Not tonight.
You need to sleep.
Doctor's orders.
Sorry, bud, nothing for you.
Everything OK?
Long shift.
I'm awake.
God, I need a cigarette.
You told Alex?
And he believes you?
Honestly, I don't know
what he believes, or who.
So what do we do?
You nearly died.
If I hadn't been there, you...
Whatever it takes, we
have to stop this now.
I'll go, with the evidence,
and talk to the police.
- You think they'll take us seriously?
- No idea.
But I don't think we
have a choice. Do you?
Here's Dr Wade now.
Dr Wade?
Yes?
Can we talk to you, in private?
Sure.
What's going on?
Dr Wade,
we're investigating a report of a series
of suspicious deaths at this hospital.
We need to interview you under caution.
Why? Why me?
I know this is a shock for you, Zoe.
If you cooperate with the police,
I'm sure that would
be best for your case.
I'm a suspect?!
We are genuinely concerned for you.
All any of us want is the truth.
No. No, you can't do this.
- Talk to him, it's him.
- Just take it easy, love, OK?
Don't you see? It's
him that's doing this.
He's doing this!
Name, please.
Look, love, it's easier for
all of us if you cooperate.
Zoe Wade.
Is that Miss or Mrs?
Doctor.
I want to call Alex. He's my fiance.
Yeah, yeah. We'll get to that.
Permanent address?
So you gave James McCain
a shot of glucose?
That's just simple sugar, right?
Well, it's a little bit
more complicated than...
- Yes.
- And in doing so,
you've saved his life?
I did my job.
According to the nurses,
you didn't actually check a
sugar level during the arrest,
so you had no way of knowing
it was going to be low.
There have been other cases,
patients with low blood sugar arresting.
I've reported it. To... Dr Watson.
He's my consultant. My boss.
Because you believed someone as
deliberately harming patients?
I thought it was a possibility.
Then why not go directly to the police,
if you had such significant concerns?
I was advised not to by Dr Watson.
I raised all my concerns with
him. You should talk to Dr Watson.
We did. Actually, he's
been very helpful.
I understand you recently
had some issues.
Mental health issues.
I mean, obviously, there's
absolutely no stigma
- attached to that...
- Obviously!
Perhaps you'd like to
tell us a little more.
That's my business.
It's not relevant to this.
Even when you've been stealing
prescription medication
and using it while on duty?
That was a mistake.
I've...
I've been under a lot of pressure.
I've not been sleeping.
I'm supposed to be getting married.
Like I said, it was a mistake.
- Do you make many mistakes, Dr Wade?
- No!
I don't think so. I hope not.
The hospital records confirm
that you were on duty when
James McGill suffered a cardiac
arrest and died shortly afterwards.
There's Matthew Helm who was
injured and still remains in a coma.
Also when Danny Adams
suffered a similar fate.
I wasn't there when Danny died.
We've tracked your electronic
ID card and it confirms
you were on the unit at the time
of all the relevant incidents.
My ID card went missing.
Did you administer a fatal
overdose to Danny Adams?
Danny was my patient and my friend.
And Jamie McCain, is he a friend too?
You're friends with a
lot of your patients.
I work in rehabilitation.
Relationships develop, it's what we do.
So, yes, and I'm proud of it.
More doctors should care
about the people they treat.
Have you heard of the
saviour complex, Dr Wade?
No.
It seems that there are some
health care professionals
who become addicted to
saving their patients' lives.
The only problem is that
means risking them first.
Sometimes it goes wrong
so innocent people die.
This is ridiculous!
I was the one who raised it,
I've been trying to stop it!
I'm being set up, don't
you see? It's obvious!
It's Watson who's doing
this, you should talk to him.
Get him in here! Talk to Watson!
What the hell's going on?
I was acting on information
I felt duty bound to pass
on to the authorities.
- What information?
- It's confidential.
They've just had my
fiancee arrested for murder.
Don't tell me it's fucking confidential.
We all make bad choices in life, Alex.
We want to help people
who can't be helped,
protect people who
aren't worth our shelter.
The trick is knowing
when to cut and run.
Hiya.
You know, I admire you.
You're a very resilient
young man, Jamie.
Why have they taken Zoe?
I want to speak to her.
I imagine when you first met
me, you didn't like me very much.
A lot of patients transfer
their anger from their condition
to the people that are
trying to help them.
I know you've become close to Dr Wade.
That makes what I'm
about to say even harder.
Unfortunately...
we now suspect she's
the one who's been...
harming some of her patients.
No! That's bullshit.
She's been trying to
stop it. We both have.
The police are now involved and
we're leaving it in their hands.
The evidence strongly suggests she's...
a very disturbed young woman.
No, that's not true.
I need to talk to her.
I'm afraid...
that's both impossible...
and counterproductive.
When a doctor betrays a patient's
trust, well, I for one think
there's no worse crime.
You can't do this to her.
I'm leaving now.
I'll sign something. I don't care.
I want to get out of here
now and you can't stop me.
I understand you're scared and confused.
But I'm afraid that's impossible.
You're under section,
and under the terms of
the Mental Health Act...
Fuck that!
If it's all true, if someone's doing
this, then I'm not crazy, right?
So you can't keep me here.
I know it's not easy sometimes,
but we're all just here
to try and help you.
I believe the police will
want to speak with you.
If Jamie wasn't deluded,
we have no grounds to
either treat or detain him.
I'll examine him again.
If I believe he should no
longer be under section,
then that's what I'm going to recommend.
Thank you.
But as lead clinician in this
unit, I've made my decision.
We'll review the section again
in 30 days as is customary.
Until then, he stays
exactly where he is.
And if I don't agree?
I just don't see how that's
relevant now. Do you?
Come on, Doc.
Hi.
It's OK, I'm here.
Thank you.
Don't thank me.
- You called Bobby?
- He's the only lawyer I know.
Christ!
I want to go home.
RADIO: Today police were called
to a local rehabilitation unit
in response to a series
of unexplained deaths.
There are unconfirmed
reports that a member of staff
has already been detained.
Police have declined to name the
suspect but social media sources
have identified a female
doctor in her 20s.
The investigation is ongoing.
The two of you had developed
a relationship of sorts.
I just told her about what Danny said.
He had evidence, statistics.
I didn't understand them.
At first she didn't believe me but
then she agreed it checked out.
And, so, you then informed the police?
No.
Zoe wanted to handle it.
Check it was real.
I think she was nervous,
you know, about...
blowing the whistle.
So you're saying she
encouraged you to say nothing?
No, not exactly. I think she just...
wanted to be sure.
This isn't her.
Whoever is doing this, it isn't Zoe.
The serious incident with Matthew Helm.
A sharp object had
been placed in his bed.
He had a seizure. She tried to help him.
But she was first on the scene?
Yes.
Need some help here!
- This was an accident?
- Sure, of course.
DC Crockett.
Uh-huh...
I think both you and Danny
Adams got close to the truth.
The only mistake you made
was trusting the person
who was in fact committing the crimes.
No.
You're saying Danny Adams
was collecting mortality data.
I really can't let you keep
another patient's property.
Trust me and don't talk
to anyone else about it.
You know the truth can't hurt you.
Unless you really
have something to hide.
You're lying to me.
She's a pretty girl.
Clever too, right? A bit special.
It's forensics. We've got her.
Right. We're still at the hospital.
Thank you.
- Soup's up.
- I'm fine.
You should try and eat something.
Doctor's orders.
Did you talk to Bobby about a barrister?
Not yet.
I mean, we don't even know
what's going to happen with this.
It's Watson. He's set me up. I know it!
That's why we need to fight
this with everything we have.
You know you can always
be honest with me.
- Hope so.
- No, what I mean is, I'd prefer it.
Whatever the truth,
you won't be abandoned.
What we've had has
meant too much for that.
- Had.
- You know, the two of us.
There will be grounds for mitigation.
Bobby's already confirmed that.
I'm just asking you for your honesty
so that we can deal with
this... thing together.
Leave it. More bloody reporters.
And I want to know what's changed.
You've already questioned her.
Well, like I said, new forensic
evidence has come to light.
So, what, now she's being charged?
That's a decision that'll
be made in custody.
Dr Wade, you can either
cooperate or we will arrest you.
It's OK. I'll talk to you.
Call Bobby. Get him
to meet us over there.
Sure.
I just need to use the
bathroom first. OK?
No problem.
- Don't lock it.
- OK.
OK. Let's go.
Call it in! She's running!
The forensic lab found two
needle holes in the saline bag,
enough to deliver a fatal dose,
and apparently her
fingerprints were all over it.
When the police came, she absconded.
They tell me her ID badge
data checked out too.
Every instant, every suspicious
death, Zoe was there.
Look, this needn't reflect
badly on you, Alex. It's just...
It's a desperately sad
situation for everybody.
I know you've tried
to do the right thing.
You'll continue to have my full support
when the great and
the good come knocking.
You've a great career ahead
of you never forget that.
In the meantime, my advice to you
is to look after number one. Hmm?
There you go, captain, one for you.
First time for everything, eh?
Danny was murdered.
I don't trust them.
All those people.
I need some time to
decide how to handle it.
Do you think I'm right?
Either that, or we're both nuts.
I thought you weren't coming.
So does this mean you believe me?
Or are you convinced I'm a psycho, too?
Are you?
They were going to arrest me again.
I ran. Watson set me up.
I took it all to him.
All the evidence, and
he used it to set me up.
And then he tried to kill you.
It's the truth.
Well?
He's lying.
I'm not!
I could go to where he used to work.
See if that happened there.
I need you to check his office,
see if you can find anything there.
All right.
HE GRUNTS
Hello, Jamie.
Please don't be alarmed, but
I've already called security.
I don't know what you're doing in
my office, but I'd like you to stop.
She didn't do it.
- Zoe.
- You may be right.
Why don't we discuss it in the morning?
I think you killed Danny.
I know you do.
But that's because you've always
been a very unhappy young man.
Still kicking myself that
I didn't spot it sooner.
But, now, with the correct
anti-psychotic treatment,
we can help you.
I don't want your help.
Listen to yourself.
You're paranoid, Jamie, you're
imagining things that aren't there.
You're allowing yourself
to be manipulated
by a disturbed woman, one, I
fear, as equally vulnerable.
No. You killed Danny
and you tried to kill me.
Oh, come on.
Doctors like me kill
people all the time.
They don't talk about it, but they do.
Single stroke of the
pen is all it takes.
"Make comfortable,"
I think the phrase is.
If I'd wanted to kill you,
you'd already be dead.
Lucky for you, I only have
your best interests at heart.
- Through here.
- Right.
I've been racking my brains trying
to figure out what's gone wrong.
You must absolutely not blame yourself.
OK?
Promise me? You don't
deserve any of this.
Thank you.
Hi, darling.
It won't be long now. You know
how things are at the moment.
How's Margaret?
Hi.
Are you feeling better today?
Do you really think Zoe did any of this?
What do I think? Um...
I think she's always
been an unhappy and...
very disturbed young woman.
Sometimes, people can hide
those things really well.
And she refused to admit
any weakness, but...
well, these sort of problems,
they don't just go away, do they?
Not if they're inside you.
Oh, I'm sick of lying here.
Well, I think it's about time that
we got back to business, don't you?
Hm?
Right.
No. I want to walk.
Are you sure?
OK.
Right. Skoosh your bum to the edge.
That's it. Hands on here.
Strong arms.
OK, weight forward.
On the count of three.
Are you ready?
One, two, three.
There. Good boy!
That's it. OK.
I want you to move one
foot forward. One at a time.
Come to me.
One foot at a time.
That's it.
That's it. Well done.
And again. Come on!
You're doing great.
Come on, Jamie.
Hey, hey, hey, it's OK. I know, I know.
I understand.
You know you can talk to me, lovey.
I won't judge you.
I'm here to help you.
You know that, don't you?
Whatever's going on in there,
whatever your pain is...
I'm here.
I was married once, you know.
His name was Mark and we
used to go running together,
you know, marathons, that kind of thing.
This was before the world and
his wife were all doing it.
We travelled all over. New York, Berlin.
Of course, he always beat me.
Except this once.
When I teased him about that...
God, did I!
And, then,
a few weeks later, he...
started dropping things
all over the place
and I just laughed at him,
clumsy oaf that he was.
That was just the start of it.
Turns out he had MND.
Motor Neurone Disease.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
It was cruel, you know.
To see a man like that, a big,
you know, strong, healthy man...
just wasting away.
That was what really hurt
him cos he was so proud.
Some folk can deal
with it, I know. But...
In the end he just...
he wanted to die.
He welcomed it.
I know that.
Is that how you feel?
Sometimes.
Well...
you still have a choice.
We all do.
What if I don't deserve to...
live, I mean?
And is that how you really feel?
Sometimes, yeah.
I want to die.
Oh, sweetheart.
But why?
You know, you are
getting so much stronger.
I know in there was hard, but we...
we're going to get there, I promise.
Debbie always gets there
with her boys, you know?
Even the stubborn ones.
Come on, talk to me, darling.
Talk to Debbie.
I promise you, it will
make you feel better.
I killed him.
He was just a kid.
Jamie!
Please!
Please.
Shoot me.
Please!
He wanted me to.
I understand. I do.
You just wanted to help him.
You just wanted to put the
wee soul out of his misery.
I shouldn't have done it. It was wrong.
That's what I have to live with.
And I'm not sure I can.
Oh, darling.
Oh, it's OK. Everything's
going to be OK.
I knew there was something.
Hey. I know what you need. I can
make this right. Make it all go away.
Thanks.
Hiya. I'm the new locum doctor.
I'm looking for the consultant offices.
I need to get my form signed.
Oh, right. Just down there,
love, second on the right.
Great. Thank you.
OK.
Hi, there. Did you find it OK?
Yeah. Thanks.
So, how long are you here
for? A week? A month?
God knows we could do with the help!
That's what they all say.
No, I'm getting married.
I need the cash.
Oh, expensive business these days.
- So, have you got a permanent post?
- Not yet.
I'm thinking about a job at
the North Glasgow Infirmary.
The James Stewart?
Dr Watson, didn't he used to work here?
Archie? Oh, God, yes.
Good old Archie.
Anything I should know before
I sign on the dotted line?
Always a bit of a ladies'
man, our Archie.
He'll brush past you in the
lift, that sort of thing.
Most of us get wise to him pretty quick.
Word gets around.
Top buttons and M&S
knickers girls, you know?
And his patients?
He was a good doctor?
You didn't notice anything?
No, they loved him. Believed the
Sun shone out of his skinny backside.
So, why'd he leave?
I mean, this is a good unit.
New challenges, apparently.
But we all knew that his wife had
caught him at it with a member of staff.
Gave him an ultimatum.
And he always was a
gutless, little weasel.
Do you remember her name, the mistress?
Er, what was she called?
I remember she was a physio.
Debbie. Debbie something.
You did the right thing. I
would have done the same.
Sometimes I feel as if
I'm the only one here
who really cares about the patients.
The doctors say they do, but
truth is they let people down.
I mean, I ask you! I mean,
would you let an animal suffer
like some of the poor souls
in here? No, you wouldn't.
The Glasgow Infirmary.
- James Stewart unit.
- No problem.
Sometimes... you just have
to do what's for the best.
And that's what you
did for that poor soul.
He asked for your help and you gave it.
That's all.
You see, that's what we have in common.
When someone needs us,
we are there to help.
Here.
It's called empathy.
You understand what
a person really needs
and make it happen for them.
It's all part of the job.
You take those poor, wee
souls under your wing.
Angel of death.
You killed him.
You killed Danny.
Danny needed my help.
All my boys need my help.
Debbie. Debbie!
- Where's Jamie?
- He's in hydro.
You know you can't be here.
Hey!
- Deb!
- Hey!
Help her.
Debbie, are you all right?
That's it. Easy now.
They all needed my help.
Well, apart from nosey,
wee Danny, but he was...
He wasn't right. Was he?
It was more important to
me that I continued my work.
No-one else in that place was
going to make the tough decisions.
You see,
after my husband died,
a lot of things just...
sort of made sense to me.
And that death doesn't
have to be a bad thing.
We all have our time.
It's just sometimes God gets
that time a wee bit wrong.
Lets people suffer.
Needlessly.
So...
there has to be a correction.
You know?
Someone to just...
snip the loose ends, as it were.
And that was me.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
It wasn't easy.
But my patients needed my help.
They were lonely,
they had been abandoned,
and I was the only person that
was there to look after them.
So, believe me when I say that...
it wasn't easy.
But Debbie always got there in the end.
You don't have to do this.
You were sleeping with her.
We had...
an understanding.
You ignored legitimate concerns
when they were brought to
your attention, choosing
instead to victimise
a junior colleague. Dr Karimi
questioned you about the
use of the Mental Health Act,
which you also ignored...
Obviously, you'll all have
heard that Dr Watson
is on indefinite leave,
pending investigation.
I'd like to start by encouraging
anyone with further evidence
of inappropriate behaviour
to come forward and speak out.
- Is that clear?
- Yes.
Good.
I know many of you have
already taken advantage
of the counselling that we've provided.
I'm hoping that we can
put the past behind us
and all make a fresh start.
OK.
So, shall we do it to them
before they do it to us?
First patient.
We could just do it.
Go anywhere.
Well?
They're ready for you.
You sure?
I did it.
I need to tell them the truth.
I'll be here.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org